ServiceBus may 2021 GA release (#21338)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/servicebus/azure-messaging-servicebus/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 7.2.1 (2021-05-12)

> ### Fixed

Reviewer: nit: `Fixes`

Author: I am following this guidelines for the  changelog
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/blob/master/docs/policies/releases.md#change-logs

> - Fix the issue where 'ServiceBusProcessorClient:maxConcurrentCalls' will result in more messages being cached in SDK  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where `ServiceBusProcessorClient:maxConcurrentCalls` will result in more messages being cached in the SDK  
```

>   and message lock expire.

Reviewer 2: This doesn't really make sense with the following line, was the issue a case where messages would be cached even after the message lock expired?
